SOLARFLARE COMMUNICATIONS, INC.
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE WITH THEM, YOU SHOULD NOT USE OR INSTALL THE SOFTWARE
PROGRAM.


1.  DEFINITIONS

    1.1 "Documentation" means such manuals, documentation and any
    other supporting materials in hardcopy or digital format relating
    to the Software Program as currently available from Solarflare and
    generally provided to its licensees.

    1.2 "Licensed Materials" means the Software Programs and
    Documentation. The Licensed Materials shall be deemed Solarflare’s
    “Confidential Information”.

    1.3 "Software Program" means the object code version and any
    proprietary source code of the computer software provided to
    Licensee under this Agreement, any extracts from such software,
    derivative works of such software or collective works constituting
    such software (such as subsequent releases) to the extent offered
    to Licensee under this Agreement, and the related Documentation.


2.  SOFTWARE LICENSE

    2.1 License.  Subject to the terms and conditions of this
    Agreement, including the payment of all amounts owed by Licensee
    in accordance with Section 3, Solarflare grants to Licensee a
    nonexclusive, nontransferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free,
    fully paid-up license to use the Software Programs, subject to the
    following limitations:

         (a) Licensee shall use the Software Programs for its internal
         purposes only.  In no event shall the Software Programs be
         disclosed, made available to or used for the benefit of any
         third party; or sold, assigned, leased, resold or distributed
         or otherwise disposed of.

         (b) Licensee shall not copy the Software Programs, except for
         archival or backup purposes or as required by normal
         installation procedures specified by Solarflare.

         (c) Except to the extent authorized by applicable law,
         Licensee shall not copy, modify, translate, decompile,
         disassemble or otherwise reverse engineer, or otherwise
         determine or attempt to determine source code or protocols
         from, the executable code of the Software Programs, or create
         any derivative works based upon the Software Programs or
         Documentation, and Licensee shall not permit or authorize
         anyone else to do so. Any such unauthorized copying,
         modifying, translating, decompiling, disassembling and or
         reverse engineering shall constitute a material breach of
         this Agreement and shall terminate the license granted herein
         immediately. Licensee also agrees that any works created in
         violation of this subsection are derivative works and, as
         such, Licensee assigns all right, title and interest therein
         to Solarflare.

    2.2 Open Source. Notwithstanding anything contained in this
    Agreement, if and to the extent that the Software Program contains
    any open source software components, such components are licensed
    to Licensee under the terms of the applicable open source license,
    and this Agreement is not intended to limit any rights granted to
    Licensee under such open source license.

    2.3 Documentation License. Solarflare will provide Licensee with
    Documentation for the Software Program for its internal
    use. Licensee will not allow any copying of, or the creation of
    derivative works from, the Documentation. Licensee shall not
    remove or make illegible in any way, any proprietary markings or
    legends placed upon or contained within the Documentation, nor add
    any proprietary markings or legends.

    2.4 Ownership. Solarflare retains all right, title and interest,
    including, without limitation, all patent rights, copyrights,
    trademarks and trade secrets, in and to the Licensed Materials and
    any portion thereof, including, without limitation, any copy or
    derivative work of the Licensed Materials (or any portion thereof)
    and any update thereto. Any rights to the Licensed Materials not
    granted herein are reserved by Solarflare.


3. FEES

In consideration for the license granted pursuant to Section 2.1,
Licensee shall pay to Solarflare the applicable license fees (the
“License Fee”) within thirty (30) days of Solarflare, or its channel
partner’s, invoice. All charges and fees provided for in this
Agreement are exclusive of any taxes, duties or similar charges
imposed by any government.


4.  MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT

Provided Licensee is current in the payment of the License Fee, (i)
Solarflare shall provide, free of charge, new releases of the Software
Program that provide error corrections, improved usability, and/or
improved performance (“Updates”) which are distributed on a
when-and-if-available basis free of charge to Solarflare’s
customers. Updates shall not include Software Programs, whether
currently existing or developed in the future, which are marketed and
offered by Solarflare to its customers generally as a separate
product; (ii) Solarflare may offer Licensee maintenance and support
services during the Term, subject to Licensee’s entering into a
separate agreement therefor with Solarflare.


5.  LIMITED WARRANTY

Solarflare makes the Licensed Materials available to licensee "as is",
without any warranty and Solarflare hereby expressly disclaims all
warranties, express, implied or statutory, including any implied
warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
title, accuracy and noninfringement, and all warranties that may arise
out of course of dealing, course of performance or usage of trade.


6.  TERM AND TERMINATION

This Agreement shall commence on the date of Licensee’s payment of the
License Fee and shall continue in effect for a period of twelve (12)
months (the “Term”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may
terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other
party if the other party is in breach of this Agreement or fails to
perform any of its duties or obligations hereunder (a “Default”) and
fails to cure such Default within thirty (30) days after receipt of
written notice from the non-defaulting party specifying the occurrence
or existence of the Default.  Upon termination of this Agreement, the
provisions of Sections 2.4 and Sections 7, 8 and 9 shall survive.


7.  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

      7.1 Unless otherwise prohibited by law, the total liability of
      Solarflare and its suppliers and contractors arising out of or
      related to this Agreement shall not exceed the amounts paid by
      Licensee to Solarflare for the Licensed Materials. This
      limitation of liability is cumulative and not per incident.

      7.2 Except for a licensee breach of any of the licensing terms
      or confidentiality obligations, in no event shall Solarflare or
      its suppliers or contractors be liable for any loss of use,
      interruption of business, lost profits, lost data, recovery of
      data, or any indirect, special, incidental, or consequential
      damages, however caused and on any theory of liability, whether
      in contract, tort (including negligence) strict liability or
      otherwise, even if a party has been advised of the possibility
      of such damages.


8. INDEMNITY

Solarflare shall defend and pay damages awarded for, or at its option
settle, any third-party claim brought against Licensee to the extent
it alleges that the Licensed Materials delivered to Licensee and used
as authorized in this Agreement infringe any intellectual property
rights of any third party; provided that Licensee provides Solarflare
with (i) prompt written notice of such claim; (ii) sole control over
the defense and settlement of such claim; and (iii) all information
and assistance reasonably requested by Solarflare in connection with
the defense or settlement of such claim. In the event any such claim
is brought or threatened, Solarflare may, at its sole option and
expense: (a) procure for Licensee the right to continue use of the
Licensed Materials or infringing part thereof; (b) modify or amend the
Licensed Materials or infringing part thereof to make it/them
non-infringing; (c) replace the Licensed Materials or infringing part
thereof with non-infringing software having substantially similar
capabilities; or (d) if none of the foregoing are commercially
practicable, terminate this Agreement and repay to Licensee any
pre-paid portion of the License Fee for the infringing Licensed
Materials. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Solarflare will have no
liability to Licensee for any claim of infringement to the extent such
claim arises out of or is based upon (i) any modification of the
Licensed Materials, in whole or in part, not made or authorized in
writing by Solarflare; (ii) Licensee’s failure to use the Licensed
Materials in accordance with this Agreement, or Documentation or
instructions provided by Solarflare, or otherwise using the Licensed
Materials for purposes for which they were not designed or intended;
(iii) software updates provided by Solarflare to comply with the
designs, requirements or specifications requested by Licensee; or (iv)
use of any specified release of the Licensed Materials after
Solarflare notifies Licensee that continued use of such release may
subject Licensee to a claim of infringement, if Solarflare provides
Licensee with a replacement release.


9.  GENERAL

    9.1 Assignment.  Licensee may not assign this Agreement or any of
    its rights or obligations under this Agreement, by operation of
    law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of
    Solarflare. This Agreement shall bind each party and its permitted
    successors and assigns.  Any assignment in contravention of this
    Section 9.1 shall be null and void and of no force or effect.

    9.2 Disputes.  This Agreement shall be governed by and construed
    in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without
    reference to conflicts of law principles. The UN Convention on
    Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not
    apply. This Agreement is the entire agreement of the parties, and
    supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications
    or representations, written or oral, between the parties with
    respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and represents the
    complete integration of the parties’ agreement.  Any different or
    additional terms of any related purchase order, confirmation,
    quote or similar ordering document, even if signed by the parties
    after the date hereof, shall have no force or effect on this
    Agreement.  If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be
    invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall
    not be affected or impaired.  This Agreement may be modified only
    by a written agreement executed by authorized officers of each
    party.  No delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy
    accruing to a party upon any breach or default of the other party
    shall impair that right or remedy, or be construed to be a waiver
    of any breach or default. The prevailing party in any legal action
    brought pursuant to this Agreement shall be entitled to recover
    its reasonable legal fees, costs and other expenses.

    9.3 Force Majeure. Except for the obligation to pay monies due and
    owing, neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure in
    performance due to events outside the defaulting party’s
    reasonable control, including without limitation acts of God,
    labor disputes, shortages of supplies, fire, war, disruption
    related to terrorism, epidemics, or delays of common carriers.
    The obligations and rights of the excused party shall be extended
    on a day to day basis for the time period equal to the period of
    the excusable delay.

    9.4 Notices.  Any notice under this Agreement must be in writing
    and is deemed given and effective three (3) business days after
    mailing first class, postage prepaid, or when sent by facsimile
    (confirmed by first class mail) or when delivered by overnight
    express or other delivery service, to the party at the address
    above.

    9.5 Compliance with Laws. Licensee hereby acknowledges that the
    Licensed Materials supplied by Solarflare hereunder are subject to
    export controls under the laws and regulations of the United
    States and other countries.  Licensee shall comply with such laws
    and regulations and agrees not to export, re-export or transfer
    the Licensed Materials without first obtaining all required
    U.S. Government and other relevant government authorizations or
    licenses.

    9.6 Confidentiality. Licensee agrees not to use any Confidential
    Information for any purpose except to exercise its rights and
    perform its obligations under this Agreement. Licensee agrees not
    to disclose or permit to be disclosed, either directly or
    indirectly, any Confidential Information to third parties or to
    such party’s employees, except to those employees of Licensee with
    a need to know or use the Confidential Information. If Licensee
    breaches, or threatens to breach the provisions of this Section
    9.6, Licensee agrees that Solarflare will have no adequate remedy
    at law and is therefore entitled to seek immediate injunctive and
    other equitable relief, without bond and without the necessity of
    showing actual money damages.
